Would the strategy that made TJR
profitable pass an institution [music]
great validation? I encoded the TJR
liquidity sweep model into a trend
strategy that [music] automatically
identifies the highs and the lows of the
previous session, detects liquidity
sweeps beyond those levels, and enters a
reversal trade on a confirmed breakout
structure. I applied the strategy on 10
years of NQ data, and these are the
results on one NQ contract. A net profit
of 76,000 and a surprising equity curve,
yet with the presence of [music] heavy
drawdowns, and an average trade profit
of $30, which after commissions and
slippage could result [music] in a loss.
Running a reshuffling Monte Carlo, we
can see that the strategy is highly
sequence dependent. And bootstrapping
20,000 equity curves, we get an expected
value per trade of $22 with a confidence
level between -27 and $72 per trade.
Now, the TJR liquidity sweep model
wouldn't pass an institution validation,
yet it is a better model than ICT one.